Hey, guys, what's up?
This morning, I welcome you to another tutorial on discourse on Ruby and in this story, and we are
going to be covering a function that is known as step function.
Now, you talk about the description is that if you want to iterate over a certain range and you know
what the range is from the concept of previous tutorial, but.
The step function is different from that, because if you have to iterate orange, but you only want
to look at every element and you have to use the step method, if it was up to me and if I was, who
would have created the Ruby programming language?
I would have named this function as the jumping function.
But since it is not created by me, so that's why they have named it a step function and I have to go
with them.
So let's go on to Adam and see how it works.
So in here, you have to first specify a range, let's say, the range of zero to 10 and then you have
to write in DOT.
Then you have to use the step function.
And then here you have to specify the element through which you want to make the steps.
So, for example, I want every second element to be printed, so.
That's it, but what I want to do is that in order to print the element at each iteration, I have to
add a block for him.
So I'm going to write in each.
But you have to do is.
That you have to place these vertical bars, store the value in I and both I.
Good enough, Ron, this good ad, as you can see, that every element that is the second element is
going to be printed that a zero two four six, eight, ten.
If you want to increase this, let's say I want to print every element that is the fifth element.
Run this zero five, then is going to be the output.
If you just specify, Tannahill, press Aldar zero is going to be the output.
Now, if you specify something outside this range that is, let's say, 11 or underscored, then you
can see that only the first element is going to be printed because it is going to jump directly to the
11th value.
But at the 11th value, it found nothing.
So that's why only the first element is then going to be printed on your output screen.
And that's why I want to have suggested them that they should have named this as the jumping function
because it jumps from one value to another.
Or in other words, you can say that it's steps from one value to another value.
And that step is basically dependent on whatever argument you passed into this function step.
So I guess we have already covered the example for this.
So that's it with this tutorial.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.